Impossible, you can't be Qingjun
Believe it or not doesn't matter
The important thing is that you hate you
From now on, the position of God of War will be stripped away
Qin Fang, I have the Qing army in person, the emperor of heaven
You are a trash who was divorced by me
How could you be Qing Jun?
You are fake
I don't believe I serve my country
Qin Fang, is he the Qing army?
I don't know either.
Humph
You are not convinced
I wish you a long time
Teenagers in Beijing
Make this great achievement
Although I don't know
Why did you pull out this Xuanyuan sword?
But definitely not the Qing army
Even I would
Because this Heavenly King's Order is given by Qingzhi Heaven
You are wrong this day Wang Ling
It's just that I refuse to get engaged to you and owe Yue Yi
Free compensation is also my return for my kindness to Yue Yi
Review your compensation
What right do you have?
With your strength and record
It is not enough to become the king of Beijing
You think you are the first goddess of war in the building
No, you're wrong again.
Your record is the driving force behind my orders
If you test you once, it will be far different from Tang Xueying
You have no idea what your own strength is.
Presumptuous of my achievements
Even my King Li praised it
How can your family be inferior to him?
Qin Feng, this is the ivy feast
You dare to make a big bloodletting temple here
Do you really think you are the Qing army?
Do you really think you are more powerful than my Northern King?
That being the case
Then let Wu Bei tell you in person
Let Wu Bei come to see me